Your friends all thought that the senate was boring. You, however, were enthralled. Gain the Trademark(+):Policy Expert
You're caught committing a minor crime, and in response, your family sends you to a “reform school” in frozen Alaska. Gain the Trademark(-):Sticky Fingers
You have a whirlwind romance, though your family strongly disapproves. Gain your paramour as a contact. Gain the Trademark(-):Hopeless Romantic
Your sibling disappeared without a trace. What's worse, there's no record of them ever having existed. Trademark(-):Suspicious
Lost in a sailing accident, you nearly drown before washing up on shore. Trademark(+):Survivor
Your parent got a massive influx of cash. A bonus at work, they said — though their guilty eyes told a different story.Gain Orgcrime Contact (wether you want to or not). Trademark(-):Criminal Ties
An ambassador enrolled their child at your private school. The other kids picked on them, but you hit it off with the young Tohaa almost immediately. Gain a Diplomat Contact. Gain the Trademark(-):Easily Tugged Heartstrings.
During a school trip, a MegaCorp agent seems to take an interest in you. You see them around now and again, and eventually it dawns on you — they're monitoring you! Gain the Trademark(-):On a Watchlist
A stranger visited your home in the dead of night, speaking in slow, serious whispers with a family member. What did you overhear that you shouldn't have? Gain the Trademark(-):Troubling Secret
Accepted into University, you pursued a second degree. Gain the Trademark(+):Incredibly Book Smart
Your family is at the heart of a scandal. Gain the Trademark(-):Politically Notorious
You know the difference between genuine, high-quality products and food. And you hate to settle for less. Gain the Trademark(-):Brand Snob
Your family’s fortunes more than enabled your bad spending habits. Gain the Trademark(-): Shopalholic
You discovered the underground Ristie nightclub scene—and the party favours to go with it. Gain the Trademark(-):Drug Addict
You tasted stardom as part of a popular children’s NBN Stream. You handled the celebrity better than expected. People still recognize you on occasion. Gain the Trademark(-): Former Child Star
An accident left you needing cloned body/arm replacements. The recovery was intense and left a different kind of scar. Gain the Trademark(-):Drug Addict
You gain admission into a prestigious Law School. You survive to graduation, though between sleep deprivation and stim abuse, it doesn’t always feel that way. Gain the Trademark(-):Ruthless
Your parents were MegaCorp Execs. Your cousins are MegaCorp Execs. You always assumed you’d follow in their footsteps. Then you met someone who was part of something bigger than themselves, and it gave them purpose. You couldn’t help but wonder if it could do the same for you. Gain the Trademark(-):Outcast
You get heavily involved in the protest art scene; footage of your numerous arrests goes viral. At least they got your good side. Gain the Trademark(-):The Usual Suspect