"Your friends all thought that the senate was boring. You, however, were enthralled. Gain the Trademark(+): Policy Expert."
"You're caught committing a minor crime, and in response, your family sends you to a “reform school” in frozen Alaska. Gain the Trademark(-): Sticky Fingers"
"You have a whirlwind romance, though your family strongly disapproves. Gain the Trademark(-): Hopeless Romantic. Gain your paramour as a contact."
"Your sibling disappeared without a trace. What's worse, there's no record of them ever having existed. Trademark(-): Suspicious."
"Lost in a sailing accident, you nearly drown before washing up on shore. Trademark(-): Survivor."
"Your parent got a massive influx of cash. A bonus at work, they said — though their guilty eyes told a different story. Trademark(-): Criminal Ties. Increase Cash Flow by 2,000. Switch faction to Orgcrime. Gain Orgcrime Contact (wether you want to or not)"
"An ambassador enrolled their child at your private school. The other kids picked on them, but you hit it off with the young Tohaa almost immediately. Gain the Trademark(-): Easily Tugged Heartstrings. Gain a Diplomat Contact"
"During a school trip, a MegaCorp agent seems to take an interest in you. You see them around now and again, and eventually it dawns on you — they're monitoring you! Gain the Trademark(-): On a watchlist"
"A stranger visited your home in the dead of night, speaking in slow, serious whispers with a family member. What did you overhear that you shouldn't have? Gain the Trademark(-): Troubling Secret "
"Accepted into the University of Manaheim, you pursued a second degree. Gain the Trademark(-):  Tunnel Vision. Add 1d6 years to your age, and take scientist and doctor as your first career"
"Your family is at the heart of a scandal. Gain the Trademark(-): Politically Notorious."
"You know the difference between genuine, high-quality products and food. And you hate to settle for less. Gain the Trademark(-): Brand Snob"
"Your family’s fortunes more than enabled your bad spending habits. Gain the Trademark(-): Shopalholic. Gain a $50,000 debt but also gain the Trademark(+): Lifestyle Expert"
"You discovered an underground nightclub scene—and the party favours to go with it. Gain the Trademark(-): Drug Addict"
"You tasted stardom as part of a popular children’s Maya broadcast. You handled the celebrity better than expected, but you never did learn financial restraint. People still recognize you on occasion. Gain the Trademark(-): Former Child Star. Gain an 80,000 debt."
"An accident left you needing cybernetic replacements. Luckily, you got some cutting-edge tech. Maintaining your aug is expensive, but it routinely outperforms the competition. Gain the Trademark(-): Drug Addict. Gain a $100,000 debt and 5 augmentation Trademarks of your choice."
"You gain admission into a prestigious Law School.
You survive to graduation, though between sleep deprivation and stim abuse, it doesn’t always feel that way. Gain the Trademark(-): Ruthless. you may freely XXX as your first career."
"Your parents were MegaCorp Execs. Your cousins are MegaCorp Execs. You always assumed you’d follow in their footsteps. Then you met someone who was part of something bigger than themselves, and it gave them purpose. You couldn’t help but wonder if it could do the same for you. Gain the Trademark(-): Outcast. You defect to a new faction. Roll on the Faction Table"
"You get heavily involved in the protest art scene; footage of your numerous arrests goes viral. At least they got your good side. Gain the Trademark(-): The Usual Suspect"