"A stranger visited your home and spoke in hushed tones with a family member. What did they talk about? Gain the Trademark(-): Shady Past. Gain an Orgcrime Contact"
"You said “yes” and someone you cared about got hurt. Gain the Trademark(-): Weak Willed"
"After someone close to you was murdered, your family confessed to you that they were deeply involved in a criminal conspiracy. Gain the Trademark(-): Usual Suspect. You may switch to the Orgcrime faction at this time. You may also freely choose any Criminal career for one of your career phases."
"You got mixed up with the wrong people and were involved in a serious crime. Gain the Trademark(-): Criminal Record. You spend 1d6 years in jail before starting your career" 
"You had a terrible childhood accident. Gain the Trademark(-): Nagging Injury."
"Someone witnessed you do something terrible. They’ve kept your secret, but they’ve never let you forget it. Gain the Trademark(-): Blackmailed and a debt worth 50,000."
"You have a relative or godparent with connections. Gain the Trademark(-): Annoying Family Member. You may reroll your first career, but must accept the new career rolled."
"You were awoken in the middle of the night by your parents and told to quickly pack a suitcase. Two days later, you were in a new city with a new name. Gain the Trademark(+): True Belever. You defect to a new faction. Roll on the Faction Table on p. XX to determine your new allegiance."
"What your family did haunts you wherever you go. Gain the Trademark(-): Infamous."
"You were kidnapped and tortured. Why? Gain the Trademark(-): Skittish."
"When the dust settled, you were the only one left alive. How? And why? Gain the Trademark(-): Sole Survivor."
"You became obsessed with underground fighting rings, even trying your luck in a handful of brutal bouts. Gain the Trademark(-): Bloodthirsty. Increase your earnings by 500."
"They say that before embarking on a journey of revenge, you should first dig two graves. Clearly, they never met you: that entire organisation is going to pay for what they did. For what they took from you. Gain the Trademark(-): Vendetta <Faction>. Roll on the faction table to determine who you hold a vendetta against"
"Your parents or guardians were always running from something. Late one night, they told you they loved you, and to run. You haven’t seen them since. Gain the Trademark(-): Missing Family."
"You got your first exotic augmentation. It felt better than good: it felt right. Gain the Trademark(-): Inhuman Appearance and any two G-Mods of your Choice."
"You always wondered if the struggle was worth it. A better offer came, and you took it; what’s the harm in that? Gain the Trademark(-): Sellout. You defect to a new faction. Roll on the Faction Table."
"You trusted someone, and they burned you—hard. You’re not going to let it happen again. Gain the Trademark(+):Won't Get Fooled Again and the Trademark(-): Trust Issues."
"You helped fix a problem for a high-ranking offical in a way that only a rebporbate could. They are forever indebted to you. Gain Contact High Ranking Offcial Contact."
"Singled out by a high ranking Orgcrime member, you receive a savage, public beating. Did you deserve it? Did you withstand it? Gain the Trademark(-): Troublemaker. You may take a Crimanal Career for free as our first career without gaining a Criminal Record."
"Turns out, the agents watching you weren't suspicious. They were recruiting. Gain the Trademark(+): Rising Star, defect to the faction of your choice and pick your first career."
