"You got involved in underground fight clubs at an early age. Trademark(+): Street Fighter Bonus: Increase Cash Flow by 200"
"Facing the consequences of crimes you most assuredly did commit, someone offered to make it all go away. Did you let them? If so, what was the cost? Either spend 1d6 years in jail before starting your first career, and gain the Trademark(-): Criminal Record — or gain a debt of 10,000 credits, and the Thievery tag."
"Trapped in a dire situation, you didn’t see a way out—until the 112 rescued you. You’ve been enamoured with them ever since. Gain the Trademark(+) Spirit of a Hero. You may choose Emergency Responder as your first career. If you do increase your social status by 2."
"An accident left you needing cybernetic replacements; but the local clinic had to make do with what was on hand. Your Augmentation has some quirks, but you’ve learned how to squeeze the most out of it. Gain the Trademark(+): Cyberware Arm (Quirky)"
"By yourself, or as part of gang, you raged against the machine. Gain the Trademark(-) Rage Filled and change your faction to Street Gangs"
"You were entrusted with a weapon that’s had real use. It’s seen better days, but you know you can rely on it. Gain any Pistol and add the Trademark(+): Heirloom to it. It rolls two additional damage dice"
"You should have died, but you didn’t. Plenty of Disenfrancistos don’t believe in luck. But maybe it believes in you. Gain the Trademark(+): Lucky"
"You were stabbed in the back; possibly literally. Gain the Trademark(-): Trust Issues"
"Someone close to you was killed, while MegaCorp security forces stood and watched. Gain the Trademark(-): Corp Vendetta"
"You fell in with a rough crowd: not everybody from that scene lived long. Gain the Trademark(-): Fatalistic"
"Your supposed best friend stabbed you in the back while you were at your most vulnerable. Gain the Trademark(-): Suspicious"
"While trying out new drug concoctions with your friends, you had a nasty interaction from which you never quite recovered. Gain the the Trademark(-): Scorched Immune System. A cure exists, but it will cost 30,000 credits."
"Other kids might have had playground equipment: you had abandoned buildings to use as a jungle gym. Gain the Trademark(+): Parkour"
"You volunteered for an experimental neural augmentation procedure. They say they’ll have the bugs worked out any day now. Gain Trademark(-): Glitchy Neural Aug"
"Fed up with your home life, you stole a Hopper and went joyriding. Did they ever catch you? Gain the Trademark(-): Reckless. You may take Pilot-Street Racer as your First Career."
"You were beaten within an inch of your life, but they couldn’t make you stay down. Gain the Trademark(-): Stubborn."
"You get accepted into the NA University’s prestigious School of Law, an honour you can’t possibly afford. That is, until you’re made an offer you can’t refuse. Gain the trademark(+): Mafia Connections. Gain a mafia contact and take XX as your first career. Increase your Social Status by 2."
"You fell in with a group of anarchist hackers, taking pot shots at Weyland. An SysOp—found you and sorched your friends. They let you escape, declining to explain why. Gain the Trademark(-): Person of Interest. You may take Hacker as your first career without gaining a criminal record."
"You became heavily involved in the True Crime messageboard scene. Gain the Trademark(+): Sleuth. You may chose Police as your first career."
"Rebuffed by your lack of choices, you are not accepted into any Universities or able to get a job.  Are you disappointed? Relieved? Gain the Trademark(-): Undeachiver. You may freely choose any Criminal Career without gaining a criminal record."
