"You excelled at a particular skill from a very young age. You could have been a talented musician or a math whiz. Regardless, your talent got a some attention in the media but your low social status prevented you from climbing to great heights. Gain the Trademark(+): Bitter. Increase Social Status by 1 and gain 5,000 Credits"
"Both your parents died in a mysterious accident. You were sent to an orphanage. Gain Trademark(-): Orphan. Reduce Social Status by one (minimum 1)."
"You messed up and were arrested for a minor crime. Gain the Trademark(-): Criminal Record. Spend one year in jail before starting your first career (increase age by 1)"
"Due to poor living conditionsy our body has become intolerant to chemical substances. Gain the Trademark(+): Cheap Drunk"
"You had an imaginary friend. Nobody else could see them, but you went on grand Net adventures together. Now you see hints of your imaginary friend when you’re online. Gain the Trademark(+): Rogue AI Ally
"Your parents or guardians became radical converts to a religion. Was your time with their church a happy one? Gain the Trademark(-): Religious Upbringing "
"You spent most of your free time as an urban spelunker, exploring the ruins and hidden places. What was the most unusual place you went? Gain the Trademark(-): Killer Curiosity"
"After finding an injured animal, you nursed it back to health. Gain Trademark(-): Bleeding Heart for Animals"
"You fell in with a bad crowd. Who was your worst “friend” from those days? Gain the Trademark(-): Shady Past"
"You became a local champion in your sport of choice. There was talk about going pro. Unfortunately that did not happen. Gain the Trademark(-): Nagging Injury"
"An unexpected boon, random chance, or personal merit allowed you to transfer into an elite training academy. Gain the Trademark(+): Overconfident. Increase your social status by 1."
"You and group of kids committed a serious crime. Your low social status meant all the blame fell on you. Gain the Trademark(-): Criminal Record. Spend 1d6 years in jail before starting first career."
"A school trip to the University captured your imagination and motivated. Gain the Trademark(-): Insatiably Curious. You may chose Medic -Doctor as your First career"
"Chasing thrills, you snuck out to a Hopper Race. Turns out, races weren’t the worst the crew got up to. Gain the Trademark(+): Friends in Low Places. You may choose Driver -Street Racer as your first career."
"Your childhood crush got accepted into GlobelSec's prestigious Mercenary training program. Before you were parted, you swore to stay in touch. Gain the Trademark(-): Hopeless Romantic. Gain Contact GlobelSec Mercneary"
"Washed out of university, burned out of your apprenticeship, banned from re-entering the corporate enclave: you and rules had a strained relationship. Gain the Trademark(-): Rebel Heart. Reduce Social Status by one. You may choose a Criminal Career at any point in the career phase."
"You ran away from home and joined a Merc Company. Gain the Trademark(-): Traumatic Memories. You can freely select "Free Company Irregular" for any career phase."
"There wasn’t supposed to be any fighting nearby, yet Corp factions clashed,injurying you in the crossfire. Waking up, you realized that in war, the battlefield always loses. Gain the Trademark(-): Anti-Corp"
"Dragnet caught you trying to hack into a Bank. But instead of throwing you in jail, they simply made some introductions. Gain the Trademark(-): Known Black Hat. You may take Hacker - Any as your first career."
"You participated in MegaCorp-sponsored research. Gain the Trademark(+): Prototype <<>>. Add a word after prototype to descirbe your improvement"
